All right.
So now that you know what the original data comes from and how to work with archive files and how to
work with files that don't really have a good file extension let's focus on how we'd like you to work
with the lesson resources that I've already included.
These resources don't just include the spam emails but also some image files and some fonts and I've
organized everything very very nicely for you in folders as well.
So you're welcome.
Let's include the modules resources in Jupiter.
All right.
So on windows I've got my email project folder here in Jupiter and I have to pull up this folder here
in Explorer.
So this folder is located right here under users and then my username.
And if I open this up I can see that the same files that are listed here are here on Windows Explorer
so I've downloaded the lesson resources here.
The spam data dot zip and have a double click on it.
I open the spam data.
Don't zip file.
I have not extracted it.
What you really need to do is right click on this thing and click extract all.
OK.
So now this is key.
Let's see what happens if I leave the defaults and I just click extract well twiddle our thumbs a bit
and wait for this to complete.
One thing you'll notice is that this works a lot faster with solid state drives than with regular hard
drives all right.
Now let's see what we've got.
We've got spam data.
This is the extracted folder from here if I double click on this I have a nest that folder here.
Spam data and then I have this one here which will ignore or you can delete but it's this folder here
that you need.
Right.
So this is the one where you've got processing training and testing.
So by default I've got a nested folder structure spam data his inside another folder called spam data.
Now take this one here the one inside and bring it over here.
This thing here is just an artifact from me having zipped this file on a Mac.
So you don't need to worry about this you can just delete this file.
It's not important.
Now here's the key.
Right.
Back in Jupiter notebook we see the spam data folder here come up and clicking on it.
You see three folders if you open those and you see no other spam data folder.
Then you've got a nested folder which you don't want and will cause problems later on.
So this is the structure that we're really really going for the remainder of this module assumes that
you've got this exactly the same way I'm doing this.
You've got the same file names.
You've got the same folder names.
You've got the same folder structure and you've got the same location.
This is how we're going to roll.
So just double check that you're mirroring my setup here and that there is no accidental nested directories
anywhere.
And with that out of the way we're finally good to go.
I'll see in the next lesson.
Take care.